NAS-102188: Update dataset delete description and add warning (#1203)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

to destroy the filesystem that the clone was created from. Otherwise,
a clone cannot be deleted while the origin filesystem exists.

**Destroy Dataset:** removes the dataset, snapshots of that dataset, and
any objects stored within the dataset. Clicking
:guilabel:`Destroy Dataset` causes the browser window to turn red to
indicate that this is a destructive action. To delete the datset, click
:guilabel:`Yes`.

> .. danger:: Destroying a dataset is a permanent action and results in

Reviewer: Warn first, then give instructions on how to do it.

> .. danger:: Destroying a dataset is a permanent action and can result in

Reviewer 2: Might be a question for Warren, but do we want to be extra sure here? That is, indicate that it surely causes data loss...?

```suggestion
.. danger:: Destroying a dataset is a permanent action and results in
```
